Add API reference for getAssetFromKV (#52)
cloudflare/kv-asset-handler: README.md

## Usage

> This package was designed to work with [Worker Sites](TODO:link-marketing-page).

Author: ```suggestion
This package was designed to work with [Worker Sites](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites).
```

}
```

### Options

> This function was designed to work with [Worker Sites](TODO:link-marketing-page), but you can customize the behavior of this function by passing the following options into the second argument to `getAssetFromKV`.

Author: i think i did this.

#### `ASSET_NAMESPACE`

> type: KV Namespace Binding (required if not using Wrangler --site feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type: KV Namespace Binding
```

Reviewer: Adding this here adds confusion IMO. I think we should clearly define what each member does and then put an \* next to the ones that Workers Sites will configure for you. I can PR to this branch to show what I mean if you'd find that helpful @ashleymichal

Author: hmm. it is confusing. interested in what that looks like yah.

We assume that your Worker includes a [binding to a Workers KV Namespace](TODO:link-documentation) named `__STATIC_CONTENT`. This binding can be configured by passing the `ASSET_NAMESPACE` option to `getAssetFromKV`. It is further assumed that this namespace consists of static assets such as html, css, javascript, or image files, keyed off of a relative path that roughly matches the assumed url pathname of the incoming request.

> #### `__STATIC_CONTENT_MANIFEST` (optional)

Reviewer: I think we should split off into two sections,  the internal-only (internal to the package) vars and the ones we expect users to use in their index.js.

Author: the presentation is these as options; they all have defaults, and this explains what they are, but if folks are using any of them, they need to pass them in at the call site.

#### `mapRequestToAsset`

type: function

By default, mapRequestToAsset takes any path that ends in `/` or evaluates to an html file and appends `index.html` or `/index.html` for lookup in your Workers KV namespace. This works for most static site generators, but you can customize this behavior by passing your own function as `mapRequestToAsset`. The function should take a `Request` object as its only argument, and return a string representation of the path to be looked up in the asset manifest/KV.

#### `cacheControl`

type: object

`cacheControl` allows you to configure options for both the Cloudflare Cache accessed by your Worker, and the browser cache headers sent along with your Workers' responses. The default values are as follows:

```javascript

> let cacheControl = {

Reviewer: If we are going to add this we should define each property

Reviewer: e.g. 
```
##### bypassCache
type: number

Sets `Cache-Control` header `max-age` to the number passed in (in seconds) to the response which will be used by browser/client caches. X days by default.

Author: i mean, we have to add it, it's part of the API. so yah we have to add that

Author: added. lmk what you think.

}
```

### Optional Arguments

You can customize the behavior of `getAssetFromKV` by passing the following properties as an object into the second argument 

```
getAssetFromKV(event, { mapRequestToAsset: ... })
```

#### `mapRequestToAsset`

type: function(Request) => Request

Maps the incoming request to the value that will be looked up in Cloudflare's KV

> By default, mapRequestToAsset is set to the exported function [`mapRequestToAsset`](#maprequesttoasset-1)

Author: ```suggestion
By default, mapRequestToAsset is set to the exported function [`mapRequestToAsset`](#maprequesttoasset-1).  This works for most static site generators, but you can customize this behavior by passing your own function as `mapRequestToAsset`. The function should take a `Request` object as its only argument, and return a string representation of the path to be looked up in the asset manifest/KV.
```

> By default, mapRequestToAsset is set to the exported function [`mapRequestToAsset`](#maprequesttoasset-1).  This works for most static site generators, but you can customize this behavior by passing your own function as `mapRequestToAsset`. The function should take a `Request` object as its only argument, and return a string representation of the path to be looked up in the asset manifest/KV.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, mapRequestToAsset is set to the exported function [`mapRequestToAsset`](#maprequesttoasset-1).  This works for most static site generators, but you can customize this behavior by passing your own function as `mapRequestToAsset`. The function should take a `Request` object as its only argument, and return a new `Request` object with an updated path to be looked up in the asset manifest/KV.
```

```
return getAssetFromKV(event, { ASSET_NAMESPACE: MY_NAMESPACE })
```
 
#### `ASSET_MANIFEST` (optional)

type: text blob (JSON formatted)

The mapping of requested file path to the key stored on Cloudflare.

Workers Sites with Wrangler bundles up a text blob that maps request paths to content-hashed keys that are generated by Wrangler as a [cache-busting measure](https://blog.cloudflare.com/extending-the-workers-platform/). If this option/binding is not present, the function will fallback to using the raw pathname to look up your asset in KV. If, for whatever reason, you have rolled your own implementation of this, you can include your own by passing a stringified JSON object where the keys are expected paths, and the values are the expected keys in your KV namespace.

```
let assetManifest = { "index.html": "index.special.html" }
return getAssetFromKV(event, { ASSET_MANIFEST: JSON.stringify(assetManifest) })
```

## Other functions

#### `mapRequestToAsset`

type: function(Request) => Request

The default function for mapping incoming requests to keys in Cloudflare's KV.

> Takes any path that ends in `/` or evaluates to an html file and appends `index.html` or `/index.html` for lookup in your Workers KV namespace. This works for most static site generators, but you can customize this behavior by passing your own function as `mapRequestToAsset`. The function should take a `Request` object as its only argument, and return a string representation of the path to be looked up in the asset manifest/KV.

Author: ```suggestion
Takes any path that ends in `/` or evaluates to an html file and appends `index.html` or `/index.html` for lookup in your Workers KV namespace.
```

}
```

### Optional Arguments

You can customize the behavior of `getAssetFromKV` by passing the following properties as an object into the second argument 

```
return getAssetFromKV(event, { mapRequestToAsset: ... })
```

#### `mapRequestToAsset`

> type: function(Request) => Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type: (req: Request) => Request
```
nit TS syntax

Author: is not TS yet

Reviewer: just more proper for any JS project ( I had it wrong at first too) just a nit.

Author: hrm. is this even a, like, "normal" documentation syntax?

#### `cacheControl`

type: object

`cacheControl` allows you to configure options for both the Cloudflare Cache accessed by your Worker, and the browser cache headers sent along with your Workers' responses. The default values are as follows:

```javascript
let cacheControl = {
  browserTTL: null, // do not set cache control ttl on responses
  edgeTTL: 2 * 60 * 60 * 24, // 2 days
  bypassCache: false, // do not bypass Cloudflare's cache
}
```

##### `browserTTL`

type: number | null
nullable: true

Sets the `Cache-Control: max-age` header on the response returned from the Worker. By default set to `null`. which will not add the header at all.

##### `edgeTTL`

type: number
nullable: false

Sets the `Cache-Control: max-age` header on the response used as the edge cache key. By default set to 2 days (`2 * 60 * 60 * 24`).

##### `bypassCache`

type: boolean

Determines whether to cache requests on Cloudflare's edge cache. By default set to `false` (recommended for production builds). Useful for development when you need to eliminate the cache's effect on testing.

> ### `serveSinglePageApp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `serveSinglePageApp`
type: () => void
```

#### `cacheControl`

type: object

`cacheControl` allows you to configure options for both the Cloudflare Cache accessed by your Worker, and the browser cache headers sent along with your Workers' responses. The default values are as follows:

```javascript
let cacheControl = {
  browserTTL: null, // do not set cache control ttl on responses
  edgeTTL: 2 * 60 * 60 * 24, // 2 days
  bypassCache: false, // do not bypass Cloudflare's cache
}
```

##### `browserTTL`

type: number | null
nullable: true

Sets the `Cache-Control: max-age` header on the response returned from the Worker. By default set to `null`. which will not add the header at all.

##### `edgeTTL`

type: number
nullable: false

Sets the `Cache-Control: max-age` header on the response used as the edge cache key. By default set to 2 days (`2 * 60 * 60 * 24`).

##### `bypassCache`

type: boolean

Determines whether to cache requests on Cloudflare's edge cache. By default set to `false` (recommended for production builds). Useful for development when you need to eliminate the cache's effect on testing.

### `serveSinglePageApp`

> type: () => void

Author: ```suggestion
type: function() => function(request) => string
```

}
```

#### `ASSET_NAMESPACE`

type: KV Namespace Binding

> The binding name to the KV Namespace populated with key/value entries of files for the Worker to serve. By default, Workers Sites uses a [binding to a Workers KV Namespace](TODO:link-documentation) named `__STATIC_CONTENT`. 

Author: ```suggestion
The binding name to the KV Namespace populated with key/value entries of files for the Worker to serve. By default, Workers Sites uses a [binding to a Workers KV Namespace](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/storage/api/#namespaces) named `__STATIC_CONTENT`. 
```

It is further assumed that this namespace consists of static assets such as html, css, javascript, or image files, keyed off of a relative path that roughly matches the assumed url pathname of the incoming request.

```
return getAssetFromKV(event, { ASSET_NAMESPACE: MY_NAMESPACE })
```
 
#### `ASSET_MANIFEST` (optional)

type: text blob (JSON formatted)

The mapping of requested file path to the key stored on Cloudflare.

> Workers Sites with Wrangler bundles up a text blob that maps request paths to content-hashed keys that are generated by Wrangler as a [cache-busting measure](TODO:link-sites-blog-post). If this option/binding is not present, the function will fallback to using the raw pathname to look up your asset in KV. If, for whatever reason, you have rolled your own implementation of this, you can include your own by passing a stringified JSON object where the keys are expected paths, and the values are the expected keys in your KV namespace.

Author: ```suggestion
Workers Sites with Wrangler bundles up a text blob that maps request paths to content-hashed keys that are generated by Wrangler as a [cache-busting measure](https://blog.cloudflare.com/extending-the-workers-platform/). If this option/binding is not present, the function will fallback to using the raw pathname to look up your asset in KV. If, for whatever reason, you have rolled your own implementation of this, you can include your own by passing a stringified JSON object where the keys are expected paths, and the values are the expected keys in your KV namespace.
```
